
Microservice? 


Microservice architecture should you make the switch? 
First, what is it and why is it important for businesses?
When writing an application most services will use an architecture called macroservice. 
Macroservice is a traditional architecture used to encapsulate a capability within the application and produces that capability when it is published. 
But there are some issues with macroservice. One is you must test and run the entire application to make changes to the services. 
Second, you have to scale the entire project to scale the service.

Is there an easier way to scale and make changes to an application without testing and running the entire program? That’s where microservices come in.
Microservice is a physically independent and tightly scoped application that helps support extreme agility and scalability requirements. 
Microservice allows a business to create and send out new features without resending the entire application. 
It allows businesses to work on individual features without disturbing another. 
These services are independent of one another which allows the development of new features to come out as soon as they are ready.

What are some key components of microservice? 
Agility, scalability, and flexibility. Now, what do we mean when we talk about these components. 
Agility allows the business to send out new features quickly and efficiently. 
Scalability allows the development team to fix bugs and issues easily by specifically fixing the parts that were causing the issue. 
Flexibility allows the teams to use different technologies and languages at different parts and stages of the application.

How to know if microservice is right for you? 
Determining whether microservice is right for your software is based on the key components as before.
Do you have applications that go with microservice’s extreme agility or stability? 
Microservices have a disruptive impact in nature. Are you willing to find highly skilled application architects who can adopt the new application? 
Is your company ready to go against tradition when you are doing analytics and data management? Are you willing to invest in your time, people, and processes?
If not, that ok too.

Microservices is not for everyone. 
Many services mix architectures to fulfill their needs. 
You can combine microservice with all different kinds of services. 
Miniservice is similar to microservice but it typically implements more than one feature. 
Continuous delivery, a software delivery that allows the production of new features incrementally, can be used with Microservice. 
Microservice can even be combined with macroservice to fit the needs of a service.

Microservice is a useful architecture that is new and up incoming. Our services and needs are always changing.
Now, will you make the change? 
